@item SHISHI_ASN1_ERROR
Error in ASN.1 function (corrupt data?)

@item SHISHI_FOPEN_ERROR
Could not open file

@item SHISHI_IO_ERROR
File input/output error

@item SHISHI_MALLOC_ERROR
Memory allocation error in shishi library.

@item SHISHI_BASE64_ERROR
Base64 encoding or decoding failed. Data corrupt?

@item SHISHI_REALM_MISMATCH
Client realm value differ between request and reply.

@item SHISHI_CNAME_MISMATCH
Client name value differ between request and reply.

@item SHISHI_NONCE_MISMATCH
Replay protection value (nonce) differ between request and reply.

@item SHISHI_TICKET_BAD_KEYTYPE
Keytype used to encrypt ticket doesn't match provided key. This usually indicates an internal application error.

@item SHISHI_CRYPTO_INTERNAL_ERROR
Internal error in low-level crypto routines.

@item SHISHI_CRYPTO_ERROR
Low-level cryptographic primitive failed.  This usually indicates bad password or data corruption.

@item SHISHI_KDC_TIMEOUT
Timedout talking to KDC. This usually indicates a network or KDC address problem.

@item SHISHI_KDC_NOT_KNOWN_FOR_REALM
No KDC for realm known.

@item SHISHI_SOCKET_ERROR
The system call socket() failed.  This usually indicates that your system does not support the socket type.

@item SHISHI_BIND_ERROR
The system call bind() failed.  This usually indicates insufficient permissions.

@item SHISHI_SENDTO_ERROR
The system call sendto() failed.

@item SHISHI_CLOSE_ERROR
The system call close() failed.

@item SHISHI_GOT_KRBERROR
Server replied with an error message to request.

@item SHISHI_INVALID_TKTS
Ticketset not initialized.  This usually indicates an internal application error.

@item SHISHI_APREQ_DECRYPT_FAILED
Could not decrypt AP-REQ using provided key. This usually indicates an internal application error.

@item SHISHI_TICKET_DECRYPT_FAILED
Could not decrypt Ticket using provided key. This usually indicates an internal application error.

@item SHISHI_KEYTAB_ERROR
Failed to parse keytab file

@item SHISHI_CCACHE_ERROR
Failed to parse credential cache file

