@subheading shishi_prompt_password_callback_set
@anchor{shishi_prompt_password_callback_set}
@deftypefun {void} {shishi_prompt_password_callback_set} (Shishi * @var{handle}, shishi_prompt_password_func @var{cb})
@var{handle}: shishi handle as allocated by @code{shishi_init()}.

@var{cb}: function pointer to application password callback, a
@code{shishi_prompt_password_func} type.

Set a callback function that will be used by
@code{shishi_prompt_password()} to query the user for a password.  The
function pointer can be retrieved using
@code{shishi_prompt_password_callback_get()}.

The @code{cb} function should follow the @code{shishi_prompt_password_func} prototype:

int prompt_password (Shishi * @code{handle}, char **@code{s},
const char *@code{format}, va_list @code{ap});

If the function returns 0, the @code{s} variable should contain a newly
allocated string with the password read from the user.
@end deftypefun

@subheading shishi_prompt_password_callback_get
@anchor{shishi_prompt_password_callback_get}
@deftypefun {shishi_prompt_password_func} {shishi_prompt_password_callback_get} (Shishi * @var{handle})
@var{handle}: shishi handle as allocated by @code{shishi_init()}.

Get the application password prompt function callback as set by
@code{shishi_prompt_password_callback_set()}.

@strong{Returns:} Returns the callback, a @code{shishi_prompt_password_func} type,
or @code{NULL}.
@end deftypefun

@subheading shishi_prompt_password
@anchor{shishi_prompt_password}
@deftypefun {int} {shishi_prompt_password} (Shishi * @var{handle}, char ** @var{s}, const char * @var{format},  @var{...})
@var{handle}: shishi handle as allocated by @code{shishi_init()}.

@var{s}: pointer to newly allocated output string with read password.

@var{format}: printf(3) style format string.
@...: printf(3) style arguments.

Format and print a prompt, and read a password from user.  The
password is possibly converted (e.g., converted from Latin-1 to
UTF-8, or processed using Stringprep profile) following any
"stringprocess" keywords in configuration files.

@strong{Return value:} Returns SHISHI_OK iff successful.
@end deftypefun

